Update customer-key-manage.md (#8516)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/compliance/customer-key-manage.md

### Revoke your Customer Keys and the availability key for SharePoint Online, OneDrive for Business, and Teams files

> Sharepoint doesnot support offboarding for availability key. Instead delete the primary key vault. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SharePoint does not support offboarding for the availability key. Instead, delete the primary key vault. 
```
